README.md, before:

# Interface

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/interface`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'interface'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install interface

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/interface. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Interface project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/interface/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

fix gemspec and edit readme

README.md, after:

# Interface

Welcome to gem Interface. This gem contain some features that will help you to create tables and margins in console.

## Installation

Download this repository. Open the main folder and run the next command in the console

    gem build interface.gemspec

After run this command

    gem install ./interface-0.0.1.gem.

## Usage

### Usage Board

This class create a board (Table) of n*n

    matrix = [
        [nil,nil,nil],
        [nil,nil,nil],
        [nil,nil,nil]
    ]
    
    board = Interface::Board.new
    board.create_board(matrix)
    
The result or this code is:
    
        0   1   2
      ╔═══╦═══╦═══╗
    0 ║   ║   ║   ║
      ╠═══╬═══╬═══╣
    1 ║   ║   ║   ║
      ╠═══╬═══╬═══╣
    2 ║   ║   ║   ║
      ╚═══╩═══╩═══╝


## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/interface. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Interface project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/interface/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
